be uploading a review of this
product that of this product
good as they are, I hope
are the best I am angelic and the
today we are going to make a bed for
our pets are going to see what is
Super cute is as tender as I told you
social networks mainly in
facebook and on instagram I told you that
we were going to start with the Hawaiian ones for
pets what we are going to occupy is a
you can get it in the center or
in the market where things of
vegetable and things like that
you will only be asking the Lord to the
miss and so the one that a gift you
they want to sell it and they will know that the
you are going to find super fast I hope that
like it a lot and then let's see the
video for this we're going to need a
grate of the old clothes or of
preference is the older one because if
we can not yet give it to someone who
I need it
varnish paint
hammer brush and how I am a little
special also get a league
The first thing we are going to do is remove
two tacitas of our rich with the help
of hammer in this way
the truth that it is super easy to remove it
nothing else you have to have a bit of
Be careful not to break it
at least if we must keep a
little board because we're going to go back to
occupy
what we are going to do with the second
small board is to go down to the
less because unimax is very tiny
then his legs would not reach him
to climb to your bed but if your puppy
It is a little bigger as it would
well that I let her seal it you would have to
remove
then we remove it very carefully and
we put it back a little lower
where was the next thing I did
it was to sand the grid but you can jump from
this step always when your grate then
be very well and do not have those little ones
bits of wood what happens is that
could your dog and all your kitten
splinter and we do not want what
next thing we're going to do is varnish
Our grid is to use super simple as
if we painted it, take your time put the
capita that are necessary and you will see
what is going to be super divine we are going to
paint also the inside
except the middle one because in a
moment more we will try it once
we 're going to let it dry and now
if we prepare the inside part for
this time I had two cushion quoted if
they are pretty old enough
washed out then I decided to put the
clothes and if you do not have something like this not
you worry only you are folding the
clothes and put it inside the grate
and I also found this dress
I'm going to show you how I am going to
use
let's go putting the cloth the clothes what
that is what they want to call in
of the grate in an orderly manner
finally put the dress on the
cushions so it does not look like this
that the things there thrown nothing else in the
grate and look a little bit more like
fact
here you do not sew anything or stick anything is
best of all I suppose and the only thing
we are going to do is put fabric through
bottom part when it gets dirty
just remove it you wash it and what
you put the final detail back
wonderful detail is to add the
name of your pet this I loved
had the black paint principle but
with the varnish it was very dark then
I opted for the red paint in addition to
also combines as with the inside and
so I put a fingerprint in the case of
plus
seriously you have to try
because surely your pet is going
to thank too much my max is like
this bed is mine and it does not loose at all
I take this moment to send
greetings to those as they were
asking for a while and also
those who have sent me photos of
things that have made the greetings are for
for Andrea Chávez who made the letter of the
February 14
for isabel mora who made the candle of
cupcakes for a final project and you
loved all her friends
for melanie mujica peña who made the
nails that I made with my divine friend
for the yen and landero who made the
palanquetas that we did there by 16
September and the truth that they are
delicious and you can eat them in
any time to me the truth that I
they loved to start was that he completed
his disguise of dead with some bruises
that the truth was beautiful
precious terrifying leaf miner kevin
ruiz mendoza
lupita hipólito vargas luis estrada
mari carmen alonso zaldívar and stay
it gives you if it's something that I've
taught you can send me the photo to
Through my social networks have
facebook twitter instagram
and we also have a blog where
soon I will be uploading the
review of this product that the truth
what is
I 'll tell you more with a veil applied
what rating do I give them and all that to
the blog so do not stop
visit me through the blog I send them
a huge kiss huge guys huge and
See you soon in another video
remember that if you want more videos for
pets on the bottom I would
they can comment like they can not give
ideas for the videos that I know
I would appreciate too bye bye